# 2. Install a Basesite

### Existing project name
The project name you want to install your basesite into.

### Existing project owner
The user associated with the project.

### Existing project MYSQL password
The database password associated with the project.

### Existing project test URL
Enter the project URL. For example:
```
<project_name>.<project_user>.dev.mymodxhosting.com
```

### Name of MODX folder (without zip)
When you download MODX from MODX.com, the download folder is labelled like `modx-2.6.5-pl`. Select what version you want and enter in the folder name. For example:
```
modx-2.6.5-pl
```

### URL to MODX zip
Enter the URL to the zipped MODX package. You can use the URL's from the official MODX Amazon S3 repo. For example:
```
https://modx.s3.amazonaws.com/releases/2.6.5/modx-2.6.5-pl.zip
```
### URL to database dump
Enter the URL to your database dump. For example:
```
https://mysite.com/downloads/my_modx_database_dump.sql
```

### URL to assets zip
Enter the URL to your zipped MODX assets folder. For example:
```
https://mysite.com/downloads/assets.zip
```
### URL to packages zip
Enter the URL to your zipped MODX packages folder. For example:
```
https://mysite.com/downloads/core/packages.zip
```
### URL to components zip
Enter the URL to your zipped MODX components folder. For example:
```
https://mysite.com/downloads/core/components.zip
```

## What will "Install Basesite" do?

1. Install MODX into your project folder
2. Install assets, packages and components
3. Create new MODX config files in `/core/config/config.inc.php`, `/connectors/config.core.php`, `/manager/config.core.php` and `/config.core.php`
4. Secure and change permissions
5. Import database and clear out any previous sessions
6. Add a default development robots.txt file
7. Setup cron backups and log rotation if not already setup
8. Adjust permissions to the users web root
9. Clean up installation files

***

### In this section
#### [yam_manage.sh](/docs/yam_manage)
1. [Add new development website](/docs/yam_manage/01.md)
2. [Install a Basesite](/docs/yam_manage/02.md)
3. [Add new development website with Basesite](/docs/yam_manage/03.md)
4. [Package up website for injection](/docs/yam_manage/04.md)
5. [Copy development website](/docs/yam_manage/05.md)
6. [Map domain to development website](/docs/yam_manage/06.md)
7. [Add user to password directory](/docs/yam_manage/07.md)
8. T[oggle password directory](/docs/yam_manage/08.md)
9. [Delete user](/docs/yam_manage/09.md)
10. [Delete website](/docs/yam_manage/10.md)

[Back to index](/docs)
