# 3. Add new development website with Basesite

### Project name

Choose a name for your project. The name should not contain any spaces, special characters and should be  lowercase. The project name does not have to be unique. The project name is used in the following path example:
```
/home/user/public/<project_name>
```


### Project user

Choose which user owns the project. This could be an existing sudo or new user. The project user is used in the following path example:
```
/home/<project_user>/public/project
```

### User password

Enter an existing password for your project user, or define a new password if the user does not exist. Do not use any special characters. Use a mixture of upper and lowercase characters including numbers. Please note, your password will not be shown on screen.

### Project URL

Enter a URL for your development project. If you have setup your DNS like the example, you should follow this format:

```
<project_name>.<project_user>.dev.mymodxhosting.com
```

### Project MYSQL password

Enter a database password for your new project. Do not use any special characters. Use a mixture of upper and lowercase characters including numbers. Please note, your password will not be shown on screen.

### Root MYSQL password

Enter the root MYSQL password. Please note, your password will not be shown on screen.

## What will "Add new development website with Basesite" do?

1. Setup the users home folder (if the user does not exist already)
2. Setup log rotation (if the user does not exist already)
3. Setup a cron job for backups (if the user does not exist already)
4. Setup SFTP and jail the user to their home folder (if the user does not exist already)
5. Copy your basesite into your new project
6. Delete existing MODX config files
7. Create new MODX config files for `/core/config/config.inc.php`, `/connectors/config.core.php`, `/manager/config.core.php` and `/config.core.php`
8. Delete cache folder
9. Change permissions
10. Password protect project URL
11. Setup SSL
12. Setup NGINX conf files
13. Setup PHP pool
14. Import database and change any URL's to the new project URL
15. Clean up import files

***

### In this section
#### [yam_manage.sh](/docs/yam_manage)
1. [Add new development website](/docs/yam_manage/01.md)
2. [Install a Basesite](/docs/yam_manage/02.md)
3. [Add new development website with Basesite](/docs/yam_manage/03.md)
4. [Package up website for injection](/docs/yam_manage/04.md)
5. [Copy development website](/docs/yam_manage/05.md)
6. [Map domain to development website](/docs/yam_manage/06.md)
7. [Add user to password directory](/docs/yam_manage/07.md)
8. T[oggle password directory](/docs/yam_manage/08.md)
9. [Delete user](/docs/yam_manage/09.md)
10. [Delete website](/docs/yam_manage/10.md)

[Back to index](/docs)
