# yam_manage.sh

This script will help you run and manage MODX websites on your server.

## Before running this script

### Edit variables in yam_manage.sh

#### YAM_EMAIL_BUG

This email address is printed in the header of files generated by the yam-server-configurator. Example message:
```
# Generated by the YAM server configurator
# Do not edit as you may loose your changes
# If you have found a bug, please email ${YAM_EMAIL_BUG}
```

#### YAM_BASESITE_PATH

If you have a MODX basesite that you work from enter the path where it will live here. For example:
```
/home/user/public/basesite/
```

#### YAM_BASESITE_DB

If you have a MODX basesite, enter the name of the database here.

#### YAM_DATABASE_DB

Enter a prefix you want to apply to all database names. For example:

```
yam_db
```
This will produce a database name like `yam_db_user_project`

#### YAM_DATABASE_USER

Enter a prefix you want to apply to all database users. For example:

```
yam_dbuser
```
This will produce a database name like `yam_dbuser_user_project`

#### YAM_SERVER_NAME

This should be the name of the server you created through the Digital Ocean control panel. It is used to organise backups on Amazon S3 in the following format:

```
/servers/backups/${YAM_SERVER_NAME}/
```
This format allows for multiple servers to be backed up on to 1 Amazon S3 bucket.

***

### In this section
#### [yam_manage.sh](/docs/yam_manage)
1. [Add new development website](/docs/yam_manage/01.md)
2. [Install a Basesite](/docs/yam_manage/02.md)
3. [Add new development website with Basesite](/docs/yam_manage/03.md)
4. [Package up website for injection](/docs/yam_manage/04.md)
5. [Copy development website](/docs/yam_manage/05.md)
6. [Map domain to development website](/docs/yam_manage/06.md)
7. [Add user to password directory](/docs/yam_manage/07.md)
8. T[oggle password directory](/docs/yam_manage/08.md)
9. [Delete user](/docs/yam_manage/09.md)
10. [Delete website](/docs/yam_manage/10.md)

[Back to index](/docs)
