## 1. Setup a fresh Ubuntu server

### Enter a sudo user

This will create a sudo user on your server. Enter a value without any spaces, special characters and in lowercase.

### Enter a sudo password

Enter a password for your sudo user here. Do not use any special characters. Use a mixture of upper and lowercase characters including numbers. Please note, your password will not be shown on screen.

### Enter a MYSQL password for sudo user

Enter a password for your MYSQL sudo user here. Do not use any special characters. Use a mixture of upper and lowercase characters including numbers. Please note, your password will not be shown on screen.

### Enter a MYSQL password for root user

Enter a password for your MYSQL root user here. Do not use any special characters. Use a mixture of upper and lowercase characters including numbers. Please note, your password will not be shown on screen.

### Enter a domain name for the default website

The purpose of the default website is to serve error messages. This could be set to any qualified domain name,  but works best in this format:
```
dev.your-modx-domain.com
```

### Enter a domain name for phpMyAdmin

This will be the url that phpMyAdmin can be accessed from. Example value:
```
something-random.your-sudo-user.dev.your-modx-domain.com
```

## What will "Setup a fresh Ubuntu server" do?

1. Set server timezone
2. Setup skeleton directory for users home folder
3. Tweak privacy settings
4. Install and setup auditing system
5. Install software-properties-common, apache2-utils, whois, htop, zip, unzip, s3cmd, nmap and Digital Ocean agent
6. Install additional yam-server-configuration scripts
7. Setup sudo user
8. Disable bash history
9. Add sudo user to sudoers file
10. Install and configure Lets Encrypt
11. Install and configure NGINX, including setting up log rotation for sudo users home folder and custom error pages
12. Install and configure MariaDB
13. Install and configure PHP 7.1 FPM
14. Install and configure phpMyAdmin
15. Install and configure fail2ban (firewall)
16. Setup cron jobs for server backup. This backups NGINX, Lets Encrypt, MYSQL, SSH and Cron data to `/var/backups`, and finally syncs this information to Amazon S3
17. Setup cron job for sudo users home folder (local and Amazon S3 backups)

***

### In this section
#### [yam_setup.sh](/docs/yam_setup)
  1. [Setup a fresh Ubuntu server](/docs/yam_setup/01.md)
